# CodingChallenges

Google H-Index Problem Link
https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/kickstart/round/0000000000050edd/00000000001a274e

Running Sum of 1-D Array Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/

Array Shuffle Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/

Defang Ip Address Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/

GoodPairs Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs/

Greatest Candies Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/

Jewels and Stones Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/

Shuffle String Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string/

Steps to Reduce to Zero Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/

Counting Steps Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/

House Robber Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/

Missing Array Values Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/

Perfect Number Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/perfect-number/

Single Number Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/

Two Sum Target Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

Counting Bits Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/

Buy and Sell Stocks Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/

Buy and Sell Stock II Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/

Buy and Sell Stock III Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-iii/

Water Container Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/

Consecutive Differences Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/numbers-with-same-consecutive-differences/

Goat Latin Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/goat-latin/

Rotate Matrix (Image) Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/

Add Two Numbers Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/

Roman To Integer Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/roman-to-integer/

Binary Tree In Order Traversal Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-tree-inorder-traversal/

Length of Last Word Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/

Merge Two Sorted Lists Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/

Minimum Value to Get Positive Step By Step Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-value-to-get-positive-step-by-step-sum/

Length of Last Word
https://leetcode.com/problems/length-of-last-word/

Minimum Value To Get Positive Step by Step Sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-value-to-get-positive-step-by-step-sum/

Binary Search
https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/

First bad Version
https://leetcode.com/problems/first-bad-version/

Palindrome Number
https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/

Reverse Integer
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-integer/

Remove Element
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/

Search Insert Position
https://leetcode.com/problems/search-insert-position/

Squares Of A Sorted Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/squares-of-a-sorted-array/

Rotate Array
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/

Move Zeroes
https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/

TwoSumII-Input Array Is Sorted
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum-ii-input-array-is-sorted/

Reverse String
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-string/

Reverse Words In A String III
https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-words-in-a-string-iii/

Median Of Two Sorted Arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/median-of-two-sorted-arrays/

Middle Of The Linked List
https://leetcode.com/problems/middle-of-the-linked-list/

Remove Nth Node From End Of List
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list/

Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/

Maxiumum Average Subarray I
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-average-subarray-i/

Maximum Draws
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-draws/submissions/code/243007313

Handshake
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/handshake/submissions/code/243008072

Minimum Height Triangle
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lowest-triangle/problem

Army Game
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/game-with-cells/problem

Cutting Paper Squares
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/p1-paper-cutting/problem

Find The Point
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-point/problem
