# CodingChallenges

Google H-Index Problem Link
https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/kickstart/round/0000000000050edd/00000000001a274e

Running Sum of 1-D Array Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/running-sum-of-1d-array/

Array Shuffle Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-the-array/

Defang Ip Address Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/defanging-an-ip-address/

GoodPairs Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-good-pairs/

Greatest Candies Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/kids-with-the-greatest-number-of-candies/

Jewels and Stones Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/jewels-and-stones/

Shuffle String Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/shuffle-string/

Steps to Reduce to Zero Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-steps-to-reduce-a-number-to-zero/

Counting Steps Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/

House Robber Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber/

Missing Array Values Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/find-all-numbers-disappeared-in-an-array/

Perfect Number Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/perfect-number/

Single Number Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/

Two Sum Target Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/

Counting Bits Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/counting-bits/

Buy and Sell Stocks Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/

Buy and Sell Stock II Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-ii/

Buy and Sell Stock III Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock-iii/

Water Container Problem Link
https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/
